[Merged by Bors] - Update Lighthouse book and some FAQs (#4178)
sigp/lighthouse: book/src/faq.md

Apart from using block explorers, you may use the "Validator Monitor" built into Lighthouse which
provides logging and Prometheus/Grafana metrics for individual validators. See [Validator
Monitoring](./validator-monitoring.md) for more information. Lighthouse has also developed Lighthouse UI (Siren) to monitor performance, see [Lighthouse UI (Siren)](./lighthouse-ui.md).

### I see beacon logs showing `WARN: Execution engine called failed`, what should I do?

The `WARN Execution engine called failed` log is shown when the beacon node cannot reach the execution engine. When this warning occurs, it will be followed by a detailed message. A frequently encountered example of the error message is:

`error: Reqwest(reqwest::Error { kind: Request, url: Url { scheme: "http", cannot_be_a_base: false, username: "", password: None, host: Some(Ipv4(127.0.0.1)), port: Some(8551), path: "/", query: None, fragment: None }, source: TimedOut }), service: exec`

> which says `TimeOut` at the end of the message. This means that the execution engine has not responded in time to the beacon node. There are a few reasons why this can occur:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which says `TimedOut` at the end of the message. This means that the execution engine has not responded in time to the beacon node. There are a few reasons why this can occur:
```

> which says `TimeOut` at the end of the message. This means that the execution engine has not responded in time to the beacon node. There are a few possibilities that this can occur:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which says `TimeOut` at the end of the message. This means that the execution engine has not responded in time to the beacon node. There are a few reasons why this can occur:
```

1. The execution engine is not synced. Check the log of the execution engine to make sure that it is synced. If it is syncing, wait until it is synced and the error will disappear. You will see the beacon node logs `INFO Execution engine online` when it is synced. 
1. The computer is overloaded. Check the CPU and RAM usage to see if it has overloaded. You can use `htop` to check for CPU and RAM usage.

> 1. Your SSD is slow in response which is causing the issue. Check that if your SSD is in "The Bad" list [here](https://gist.github.com/yorickdowne/f3a3e79a573bf35767cd002cc977b038). If your SSD is in "The Bad" list, it means it cannot keep up in sync to the network and you may want to consider upgrading to a better SSD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Your SSD is slow. Check if your SSD is in "The Bad" list [here](https://gist.github.com/yorickdowne/f3a3e79a573bf35767cd002cc977b038). If your SSD is in "The Bad" list, it means it cannot keep in sync to the network and you may want to consider upgrading to a better SSD.
```

If the reason for the error message is caused by no. 1 above, you may want to look further. If the execution engine is out of sync suddenly, it is usually caused by ungraceful shutdown. The common causes for ungraceful shutdown are:

> - Power outage. If power outage is an issue in your place, consider getting a UPS to avoid ungraceful shutdown of services. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Power outage. If power outages are an issue at your place, consider getting a UPS to avoid ungraceful shutdown of services. 
```

### How do I check or update my withdrawal credentials? 
Withdrawals will be available after the Capella/Shanghai upgrades on 12<sup>th</sup> April 2023. To check that if you are eligible for withdrawals, go to [Staking launchpad](https://launchpad.ethereum.org/en/withdrawals), enter your validator index and click `verify on mainnet`:
- `withdrawals enabled` means you will automatically receive withdrawals to the withdrawal address that you set.
- `withdrawals not enabled` means you will need to update your withdrawal credentials from `0x00` type to `0x01` type. The common way to do this is using `Staking deposit CLI` or `ethdo`, with the instructions available [here](https://launchpad.ethereum.org/en/withdrawals#update-your-keys). 

> For the case of `withdrawals not enabled`, you can update your withdrawal credentials **anytime**, and there is no deadline for that. The catch is that as long as you do not update your withdrawal credentials, your rewards in the beacon chain will continue to be locked in the beacon chain. Only after you update the withdrawal credentials, the rewards will be withdrawn to the withdrawal address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the case of `withdrawals not enabled`, you can update your withdrawal credentials **anytime**, and there is no deadline for that. The catch is that as long as you do not update your withdrawal credentials, your rewards in the beacon chain will continue to be locked in the beacon chain. Only after you update the withdrawal credentials, will the rewards be withdrawn to the withdrawal address.
```

### I am missing attestations. Why? 
The first thing is to ensure both consensus and execution clients are synced with the network. If they are synced, there may still be some issues with the node setup itself that is causing the missed attestations. Check the setup to ensure that:
- the clock is synced

> - the computer has sufficient resource and is not overloaded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the computer has sufficient resources and is not overloaded
```

- the internet is working well
- you have sufficient peers

You can see more information on the [Ethstaker KB](https://ethstaker.gitbook.io/ethstaker-knowledge-base/help/missed-attestations). Once the above points are good, missing attestation should be a rare occurance. 

### Sometimes I miss the attestation head vote, resulting in penalty. Is this normal?

In general it is unavoiadable to have some penalties occasionally. This is particularly the case when you are assigned to attest on the first slot of an epoch and if the proposer of that slot releases the block late, then you will get penalised for missing the target and head votes. Your attestation performance does not only depend on your own setup, but also on everyone else's performance.

### My beacon node is stuck at downloading historical block using checkpoing sync. What can I do?

> Check the number of peers you are connected to. If you have low peers, try to do port forwarding on the port 9000 TCP/UDP to increase peer count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the number of peers you are connected to. If you have low peers (less than 50), try to do port forwarding on the port 9000 TCP/UDP to increase peer count.
```
